Adding some improvement and linking for Fetch API page (#14923)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/fetch/index.md

const myRequest = new Request('flowers.jpg', myInit);
```
 
### Example Request with Body using fetch
In some cases, we not only need to fetch the data, but we also need to send a data to the endpoint/server, and then we expect some result from it, either in JSON, HTML, or Text. Fetch support sending body for method POST, PUT or even DELETE(but some case end point API for DELETE doesn't read body). The data that we send can be in many type of body from JSON, urlencoded, etc, you can look to [Body](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch#body) docs.

> #### Example fetch Request for FormData or application/x-www-form-urlencoded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Uploading form data using a fetch() request
```
- You've mentioned the reason for long heading names but the long headings might not work out if have `<h3>` tags in the right-hand TOC in the future
- Adding a title for this example will require to also add headings for the other two examples that were there before these additions.

> Example, we have a end point API/Form/Script that accept [application/x-www-form-urlencoded](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/POST#example), for contact us, that require us to submit 3 parameter, name, e-email, and message, we can create the body using [URLSearchParams](/en-US/docs/Web/API/URLSearchParams#examples) to follow [application/x-www-form-urlencoded](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/POST#example) by passing it into the body options on fetch parameter, as example :

Reviewer: I've edited the text for readability and clarity. Is this what you mean?

```suggestion
Consider that we have an endpoint API or a form that accepts [application/x-www-form-urlencoded](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/POST#example) to contact us. It requires us to submit three values: name, email, and a message. We can create the body using [URLSearchParams](/en-US/docs/Web/API/URLSearchParams#examples) to follow [application/x-www-form-urlencoded](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/POST#example) by passing it into the body options on fetch parameter, as shown below:
```
This part is not clear, could you explain or rewrite: "to follow [application/x-www-form-urlencoded](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/POST#example) by passing it into the body options on fetch parameter"

```js
// this is just example url
fetch("https://mozilla.org/contact-us", {

>     method: "POST", // we chane the method to post

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    method: "POST", // sends POST request
```

>     body: new URLSearchParams({ // and this is the body 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    body: new URLSearchParams({
```

        name: "foo",
        email: "bar@relay.firefox.com",
        message: "Hello to MDN folks. I'm learning fetch for request"
    }),

>     headers: { // This is so the server know that we send x-www-form-urlencoded, but not required sometimes as nowdays server/API endpoint are smart enough 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    headers: { 
```
This type of information should ideally be in the "Syntax" section when explaining the parameters

        "Content-Type": "application/x-www-form-urlencoded"
    }
})
// after that we need to process the result from Readable Stream to text, as we expect the result as text/plain or text/html
.then((response) => response.text())

> // So we can show it into our HTML, take example we have div#thank-you

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

.then((text) => {

>     // This only works if you has <div id='thank-you'></div>
>     // if not will result error

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

    document.getElementById("thank-you").innerHTML = text;
})

> // Upon receiving error from API (not after success receiving data), we can catch the error, and show to user and log into console
> // fetch only throw an error for NETWORKS ERROR but not for HTTP errors such as 4xx or 5xx responses

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
The explanations should ideally be outside the example

.catch((error) => {

>     alert("Oops, something error");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alert("An error was encountered.");
```

    console.log(error);
});
```

> How do we check if our data sent to server correctly? Well we can add check on response, for more, look to [Checking that fetch was successful](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch#checking_that_the_fetch_was_successful)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check if our data was sent to the server correctly, see [Checking that fetch was successful](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch#checking_that_the_fetch_was_successful)
```

> #### Example fetch Request for JSON or application/json and Uploading files

Reviewer: This example is similar to what is already in the [Uploading JSON data](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch#uploading_json_data) section and is not adding more value. I think we should omit this example here to avoid duplicates and to avoid maintenance in two places.
You could consider opening a separate PR in case you want to improve the example in the [Uploading JSON data](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch#uploading_json_data) section.

```suggestion
### Uploading JSON data using a fetch() request
```

> For JSON, we only need to change the body to JSON and headers options to set content type to JSON, eg :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For uploading JSON data, we only need to change the body to JSON and set the `headers` content type to `application/json`.
```

```js

> // this is just example url

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

fetch("https://mozilla.org/contact-us", {

>     method: "POST", // we chane the method to post

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    method: "POST", 
```

>     body: JSON.stringify({ // and this is the body as JSON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    body: JSON.stringify({
```

        name: "foo",
        email: "bar@relay.firefox.com",
        message: "Hello to MDN folks. I'm learning fetch for request"
    }),

>     headers: { // This is so the server know that we send application/json, but not required sometimes as nowdays server/API endpoint are smart enough 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    headers: {  
```
